yeah
everyone gather around somebody here I
want you to me
dawn masterton hello everyone
jon is going to be joining our team she
comes from the university of florida
where she's a specialist in the human
body
physiology kinesiology she's gonna make
a stronger faster and better
we're gonna do some hypoxic training
some of you are probably familiar with
the concept basically with repetition
hypoxic training teaches the body to
function effectively using less and less
oxygen under water especially in big
wave conditions there are August
advantages when your body can better
utilize the limited oxygen supply in
your lungs
it gives you more time underwater lives
can depend on those additional seconds
a perfect example is when i'm at rest
under water I can hold my breath for
three minutes and 22 seconds
now if I swim as fast as I can that same
supply of oxygen when last minute 30
seconds
so the critical choice i must make is
how fast do I swim
how long do I choose to make my oxygen
supply lasts in order to save the
drowning victim or stay under the wave
and get to the victim choice
it's all about choice
so we're going to do a drill called
whole town's 30 seconds is the amount of
time you have for each lap choice you
can swim a length as fast as you can for
10 seconds
come up and catch your breath for 20
seconds and start the next lab or swim
for 15 Mary 4 15 or swim for 20 and
breathe for ten the more laps you do
fatigue becomes a factor in choice more
critical all right scope
you two done man
you're on the team you participate in
the drill or thanks for the speech and
the next wine air flight leaves in 20
minutes
ok under water till the end
and come up account for about as long as
it would take the next wave hit
we'll do it again how many laps 10 and
more than the test requires white zone
is for immediate loading and I'm okay
I don't you start over here let's go
yeah
one
she black out
yeah
this breathing started pulses give her
some
yeah
blacktown whoa take a minute
here we go again
now we're through with this
yeah
no how on behalf of all of us
hawaiian airlines we want
for choosing to fly with us too
lying hollow
you know i'm meeting my dad are here you
yeah we're gonna go camping
surfing fishing oh my god
everything yeah we're gonna have the
biggest best adventure ever that I've
had to like our heads for you
haha ah what did you do to your hair
I woke up one morning and it was just
wait oh I miss you come here
oh hello hi buddy
and welcome to help what
cool thanks and this is kind hey hi
it wasn't too much trouble it's great
made the flight go faster for everyone
and I love your hair
thank you hey looks like you made a
pretty fun time I tried to dr. and
having dinner with you did
yeah she gave me your phone number she
did when I told her he'd be too amazing
with me
yeah come on texting only oh no no no
that's not the kind of cab or take
that's dumb
hey
hey Ali Riza like you to meet 10 or slow
hello Jana thanks for this it's my
pleasure aren't your life
yes I am but in Australia lifeguards of
all volunteers
so I'm going to stay here i have to have
a job to trying this hard time to cool
her writing this one officer training
quite awesome let's do it ok I take the
window seat kid your backpack with you
Wow
God
waikiki beach
check out over there Diamondhead
that lighthouse pretty famous that's a
place for the big trans-pacific black
lace from California ends
oh wow this is fantastic
the place was so good
and doors north shore okay hang on here
we go
there's a place up here just past those
surfers the dolphins come in every
morning to eat right out of your hand
cool
yeah
say it all right get me down there you
got it
god help
not you me Terry if not what happened
the boat overturned querido gathers
you've gotta drown
come and stay with her huh don't worry
my hands my scars the best for the baby
I'm a Junior Lifeguard - but he's a
professional has been all his life
yeah yeah yeah
yeah
oh my god get back get back
no false begin CPR
one
- 3:05 three
1 2 3 4 5 grade
that's it he's easy take it easy
oh god oh thank god Karen Karen hold on
I told that girl you save her friend
yeah
Thanks for meeting me
I couldn't believe it when you stepped
out of the pool what are you doing here
anyway
how did you arrange this through one of
the international organizations I'm sort
of on loan gone
this is not your type of gig this is a
very structured motivated discipline
team
this guy Sean he's tough I miss you
daddy
let's get out of here and get a room
time
I'm involved with someone you still
haven't been able to separate emotion
from what's otherwise purely physical
probably just as well
<operand> two </operand> no one on Team
a watch can know about us I got the
message at the pool
anytime you need to talk about anything
you know I'm right here for you
yeah
come and when the others arrive they
were given an orientation right right
that's right you told him what was
expected set up some ground rules
I did I don't get the benefit of that
one thing I don't have time for his
excuses
i went from the airport to the swimming
pool after a 14-hour flight from Sri
Lanka before which I had taken serious
quantities of a native antihistamine
after being bitten by a green like a
spider
I was sandbag now I assume tomorrow
you're gonna tell me I was no longer
part of the team
you are a bona fide hard-ass that's
great but what I want to know is are you
also fair
no but if you want another chance we can
go back in the pool in the morning
done you and me I lose I don't
and Dawn next time if there is a next
time you come to my office
not my bedroom don't worry i will never
be in this room again unless I'm invited
I came here because I think this
training center can make a difference
I want to be part of that difference
part of something good and valuable
positive something that helps people
I'm here to be useful in any way I can
you know in addition to a degree in
kinesiology I've studied in india and
learn amazing things about how to
achieve the potential of the human body
yeah
amazing
things
I bet you have
yeah
ok we need to familiarize yourself with
the local beaches
JD has the assignments are going to work
a regular shift at the local lifeguard
I kind of a situation what kind of
situation
I ran into a friend of mine from UCLA
cal Thomas
he's here with the America's Cup boat
abracadabra
anyway one of the crew drop-down cows
got me a tryout
when today they'll probably fill it with
someone from the mainland but America's
cotton
make us proud
yeah
this place is into the water so
beautiful
all the different colors on real Iraq
ok rock I'd like you to meet my son
tanner care of this is leon k away mahi
we callin rock
oh so tender check the surf is a little
swell
that's good
yeah
you up yeah but I don't have my board
well I got one you could use that be all
right
absolutely cool i'll be right back
Oh
all right I gotta go fill out an
incident or you can go out
staying afloat serious rips out there
it's not like a certain that way
ok
thing
knock knock hey I brought to your
equipment back as like your fins and
your goggles and next this is really
really cool this is both a cell phone
and a two-way radio
it's jesse right that's right Jesse
Owens jesse owens like the runner
exactly like the runner
anyway these phones tie it all together
all you have to do is highlight who it
is that you want to talk to and then hit
this button right here on the side
I love that sound it's just like Star
Trek
ok he knows it's you because it has
caller ID and your name appears in the
window
hey Jason it's Jess are you had no Jess
um watching the water waikiki in front
of the hill with the alley and Brian
aight i guess you guys good i'll catch
you later all right over
you can also get the Coast Guard the
fire rescue honolulu police or use it
like a regular cell phone
- right you guys are pretty tight group
are we for someone just coming in
hmm actually we're still a bunch of
strangers except you and JD
yeah except for me and JD
don't worry it's not my type
Wow lucky for me I didn't mean it the
way it came out good
go ahead don't want you need
I just want to get this thing work
it's working fine
yeah
well I wanted to board this was a boat
also
it was great
yeah
it's great
who gets along the board was sensation
sorry if I wasn't supposed to see
say whatever you want
I didn't mean to jinx you or anything I
don't know the local customs local
customs
what do you think you are Mars forget I
said anything
I just thought it was a great rack
are you going out the tape
what are you afraid up
preachers blond hair sharp tongue sorry
come on august in the lineup
awesome
are you coming
and
fetch me a shot thank you
yeah
looks like you got everything covered
i'm gonna go spend some time with Tanner
my foster son
listen I want to talk to you about Don
masterton problem but she's not up to
the level of the others and I think it
could hurt the team waiting till she
catches up
i meeting you at the pool later on to
give her a little test and she fails
like to send her home no no no you give
us some time she's got skills skills we
need to figure out how to keep all right
it's not rock sport yeah yeah a friend
of mine has a letter
you know like what he came here to do
international trading center and you
can't get over how more than water
if you conduct died the channel display
yeah
you did it
the way to get at all
okay i'ma tell you everything I do
before I do it okay
I'm gonna sue me and after this next
weigh-in
right on the back the way too long
the next way because it's going to be
but during that time
what
not out of the water
to be under
it's off to walk you to the power of the
way
it'll be fine just relax
the breath
you're okay
ok to me you know about this stuff JD
really have a chance of making the team
well a couple of thousand guys start off
racing sailboats a train they work out
if they're good enough
they make it to the next level which is
the very top of the heap of the
International guys above them the very
elite
those are the guys that threw the
America's Cup boat wow how do you think
we could take this Caravan go out and
watch
sure let's go great
the place
that's been trying to come through
it's right in front of you
you know what to do
why
yeah
all right
baby I don't see it
all right there right there
about all areas
business
pick up
yeah
are you ever gonna take away the right
one
it's ok to be afraid the first time I
just don't want to eat in front of
everyone
okay tell you what we'll go together
you buy it up later right with okay okay
here comes here comes a little
yeah
ok yeah that wasn't a little like
picketing but the fear is gone now right
right well if you don't get a big head
I think you're ready sir for life Oh
Cora
like tanner
yeah well he needs lots of he's been a
rough life for a long time now is due
for a little diversion
yeah bra that why you brought him here
to the White
that the couple other reasons
yeah right he got on that one pretty
good
yeah
so you got the legal custody of almost
everything takes forever
a singles cause a lot of delays still at
the foster home
of course design
again
look most resilient kid I've ever
singing
all I needs a chance
model system
yeah
hmm
I wish I could do something to help
me too but this is 1i have to work out
myself
let me know okay i will thanks just
point out to the reef break along
nothing
you can be with you know what what do I
do
it's not you it's just me
you can tell me why my friend
yeah
I gotta go
ice pick me up no problem
how'd it go I am whipped physically
emotionally with these guys are
incredible
it was so hard that was just practice
can only imagine what it's like in a
race
I admire you gots taking a shot trying
out for something like this
most amazing thing sound sales snap in
lines creaking all that noise
at least you did what most of us can
only dream about you crude in America's
Cup boat right
I did more than that made the team what
I made the team with that that's great
JD my god congratulations that's amazing
I think I came down here to cheer you up
now now i gotta throw you a going-away
party turned him down he turned him down
yeah I made a commitment here first
pitch team to you
all right i'm gonna try and talk you out
of it
you couldn't like you're not - team to
finish what we started
yeah
hey you hey
bitch you should've been out there today
see mr. those Jets keep it up
I have muscles aching that I never even
knew I had a chance you seen Tanner in
the last hour or so
yeah he was ever there sleeping with a
pretty little girl
well he was you want me to help you look
for him no no no it's nothing it's just
that you know he's on vacation and I'm
working and I'm overprotective father
hey sweetie I'm sure he's okay
by the way right anyway thank you seem
let me know thanks Sam
hey where you been i was worried about
you
you gotta come quick she says she wants
a guy calm down calm down to do what
happened said she finally told me she's
going to a hospital and used him
tomorrow for treatments get you scared i
would be to you have any family
no mother or father where is she has
three free
all right calm down go back to
headquarters and tell him I may need
backup I'll go talk to her ok
yeah
go on to be okay go talk to her
nice night huh I and his father
yeah i sent you out
ok everything
tell me a little
tell you that I'm already taking
treatment and how sick it makes me
I hate being sick I know so you are
going to kill yourself instead of
hanging around to die right
what's lots of chatter said he said
you're so afraid of dying and you think
you're gonna try and kill yourself
I'm tired of being afraid tired of not
knowing
I just wanted to stop I don't even want
to think about it just I wanted to be
over
well
now what all looking for an answer I
don't have an adult
adults are supposed to have answers be
strong be brave
everything's gonna be alright don't
worry is on answers Tammy and those are
just stupid things that don't say when
they don't know what else I don't want
to go to Houston gotta go
why well because people like Gus were
just not allowed to put that's why I
know
you're going to go to Houston
and you're gonna get to treat
you know what else i know you only get
better
and what's old tanner
this should be your champion
face your fears
by the way
ok
yeah
thank you
the big way no you can find I'm gonna
try
and to you I have to thank you most of
all with something special
dad yeah do you mind
it's kind of painted
oh yeah I see a friend
have a safe flight
something special I wanna give you
something very special you can't do that
to you
now what I really meant it
awesome take good care of it
oh I will I will but just until you get
back just don't bring it on
huh
yeah
one
and welcome to Hawaiian Airlines flight
number one
velocity enjoy
ok we're going to sit on the bottom with
weights around our waists
you're going to work one end of the rope
i'm going to work the other you go up
there first
come out that's right very excuses now
while you prepare your apology
yeah
and
haha what's the time two minutes and 1 2
3 seconds
nothing really black down
yeah
getting daylights out of me
that was a reminder the most lethal
hazard that a lifeguard can encounter is
the victim always proceed with caution
so you didn't black out no I guess I
last don't know you didn't you were
supposed to do
you acted like a lifeguard so I stay
for now
yeah